TODO.md, before:

- Make sass compilation config.json option
- Extract each app into a new repository
- Ignore apps folder
- Allow Vue building from apps folder?

- Securize apps acces:
	- E.g. If a request is coming from /do-vic/ but access /jokify should not be allowed
	- Enable browse apps from domain deliberatly (e.g. allow /jokify from .xyz)

- Isolate views
	- Make every view be included in a folder with a unique name + global function to require views that transparently adds the folder name to the path, making every view path unique

- Build the apps path based on the apps namespace

- Issolate apps session
	(E.g. the excludedIndexes session property of jokify can be accessed from aywhere)
	Same for passport?

- HTML Meta tags in all apps

- favicon.ico

- Transpiler: Add .babelrc file and install presets
- Hardcoded URLs in Views should come from server side
- Page titles
- Popup to avoid accidental deletes
- CSS Loaders for AJAX calls
- Add toastr to display errors
- Put tracer everywhere
- Adapt tracer stackLevel for multiple apps
- JSLint + use strict
- Setup SEQUELIZE structure to access multiple dbs from apps
	- Security: Each app can access only a corresponding database
- Generic error handler: If 404 -> Error
- Passport: Securize access through namespace

SQL naming conventions ------------------------------------------------

- Tables and columns names -> Lower snake case (e.g. bank_account for class BankAccount)
- Singular names for tables (e.g. project instead of projects for class Project)
- Suffix many-to-many relations table with _map (e.g. user_permission_map for association between classes User and Permission)

Sequelize stuff ------------------------------------------------

var db1sequelize = new Sequelize('db1', 'db1user','db1pass'...);

db1sequelize.define('User', {...})

db1sequelize.define('Group', {...})

var db2sequelize = new Sequelize('db2', 'db2user','db2pass'...);

Commit message:

Make each app index.js export a function that recieves middleware as the parameter. Use session and passport middleware only where required

TODO.md, after:

- Make sass compilation config.json option
- Extract each app into a new repository
	- Include changes in index.js
- Ignore apps folder
- Allow Vue building from apps folder?

- Move code from config/express.js to server

- If Vue routing app as default, knocks the rest...
	- Use hashbangs routing instead

- Securize apps acces:
	- E.g. If a request is coming from /do-vic/ but access /jokify should not be allowed
	- Enable browse apps from domain deliberatly (e.g. allow /jokify from .xyz)

- Isolate views
	- Make every view be included in a folder with a unique name + global function to require views that transparently adds the folder name to the path, making every view path unique

- Build the apps path based on the apps namespace

- Issolate apps session
	(E.g. the excludedIndexes session property of jokify can be accessed from aywhere)
	Same for passport?

- HTML Meta tags in all apps

- favicon.ico

- Transpiler: Add .babelrc file and install presets
- Hardcoded URLs in Views should come from server side
- Page titles
- Popup to avoid accidental deletes
- CSS Loaders for AJAX calls
- Add toastr to display errors
- Put tracer everywhere
- Adapt tracer stackLevel for multiple apps
- JSLint + use strict
- Setup SEQUELIZE structure to access multiple dbs from apps
	- Security: Each app can access only a corresponding database
- Generic error handler: If 404 -> Error
- Passport: Securize access through namespace

SQL naming conventions ------------------------------------------------

- Tables and columns names -> Lower snake case (e.g. bank_account for class BankAccount)
- Singular names for tables (e.g. project instead of projects for class Project)
- Suffix many-to-many relations table with _map (e.g. user_permission_map for association between classes User and Permission)

Sequelize stuff ------------------------------------------------

var db1sequelize = new Sequelize('db1', 'db1user','db1pass'...);

db1sequelize.define('User', {...})

db1sequelize.define('Group', {...})

var db2sequelize = new Sequelize('db2', 'db2user','db2pass'...);
